docs: clarify component naming for markdown import (#10542) (#10545)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-react.mdx

## Importing Markdown {#importing-markdown}

You can use Markdown files as components and import them elsewhere, either in Markdown files or in React pages.

> In the `import` statement, you can name the component anything you like but it must be capitalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each MDX file default-exports its page content as a React component. In the `import` statement, you can default-import this component with any name, but it must be capitalized following React's naming rules.
```

> You can use Markdown files as components and import them elsewhere, either in Markdown files or in React pages.
> Each MDX file default-exports its page content as a React component. In the `import` statement, you can default-import this component with any name, but it must be capitalized following React's naming rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Markdown files as components and import them elsewhere, either in Markdown files or in React pages. Each MDX file default-exports its page content as a React component. In the `import` statement, you can default-import this component with any name, but it must be capitalized following React's naming rules.
```
